Today on our 2012 Buick Enclave, we'll be
installing part number 13424 from Curt.
Here are a couple of measurements to help
you when selecting accessories.
From the top of the receiver tube to the ground
is 18-3/4 and from the center of the hitch
pinhole to the outermost point of the bumper
is 4-1/4.
Now well go ahead with our install.
To begin our install, well need to remove
the cover here at the rear bumper.
To do that well just undo the clasps on either
side.
Well go ahead and put this back in the vehicle,
because it will not be re-used after the hitch
is installed.
With the cover off of the bumper, well now
go ahead and drop the exhaust.
Before you drop the exhaust, it would be a
good idea to run a strap across to help support
the exhaust while its disconnected.
Well undo the rubber insulator here at the
exhaust hangers.
There
are
three
that were going
to undo.